playground: add links to playground (#13744) (#13774)
pingcap/docs: develop/dev-guide-tidb-crud-sql.md

TiDB is compatible with MySQL, you can use MySQL statements directly in most cases. For unsupported features, see [Compatibility with MySQL](/mysql-compatibility.md#unsupported-features).

> To experiment with SQL and test out TiDB compatibility with MySQL queries, you can try [TiDB Playground](https://play.tidbcloud.com/?utm_source=docs&utm_medium=basic-sql-operations). You can also first deploy a TiDB cluster and then run SQL statements in it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To experiment with SQL and test out TiDB compatibility with MySQL queries, you can try [TiDB Playground](https://play.tidbcloud.com/?utm_source=docs&utm_medium=dev-guide-tidb-crud-sql). You can also first deploy a TiDB cluster and then run SQL statements in it.
```

> To experiment with SQL and test out TiDB compatibility with MySQL queries, you can try [TiDB Playground](https://play.tidbcloud.com/?utm_source=docs&utm_medium=dev-guide-tidb-crud-sql). You can also first deploy a TiDB cluster and then run SQL statements in it.

Reviewer 2: To keep it consistent with the main branch
```suggestion
To experiment with SQL and test out TiDB compatibility with MySQL queries, you can try [TiDB Playground](https://play.tidbcloud.com/?utm_source=docs&utm_medium=basic-sql-operations). You can also first deploy a TiDB cluster and then run SQL statements in it.
```

> To experiment with SQL and test out TiDB compatibility with MySQL queries, you can try [TiDB Playground](https://play.tidbcloud.com/?utm_source=docs&utm_medium=dev-guide-tidb-crud-sql). You can also first deploy a TiDB cluster and then run SQL statements in it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To experiment with SQL and test out TiDB compatibility with MySQL queries, you can try [TiDB Playground](https://play.tidbcloud.com/?utm_source=docs&utm_medium=basic-sql-operations). You can also first deploy a TiDB cluster and then run SQL statements in it.
```
